The video starts with a close-up of a neon-colored animation with soft electronic music playing in the background.
The camera starts zooming in, and the music intensifies.
The music continues intensifying, and the colors are changing and getting brighter.
A new element is added to the animation, and the colors continue changing and getting brighter.
The music continues to intensify as the colors get brighter and more elements are added.
A new element is added to the animation that resembles a flower, and the colors continue to change.
The colors get more intense, and the music intensifies with each beat.
The music keeps intensifying, and the animation starts moving faster.
The animation starts to speed up, and the colors are getting more intense.
The animation gets faster and faster, and the music gets more intense.
A shot of the animation shows the colors in the shape of a flower with its petals open, and the music is more intense than before.
The animation starts moving faster and faster while the music intensifies.
The animation gets more and more intense, with the colors changing to a flower shape.
A shot of the flower in the center of the animation with the colors moving.
The animation starts getting slower and slower, and the music also starts to slow down.
The video shows the word "Fractal" in the center of the animation.
The video ends with the animation still on the screen and the music fading out.